now i want to create a offer page component this should follow these rules 
1.from the drop box  get all the products from the variant db.
2. In the send row
 the two checkbox
(a). Festival offer 
(b). Regular offer

(a)  if the festival offer is selected

get all the upcoming festival from calendar db in the drop box
and again in the next row label the offer with the check boxes
1. hit the counter 2. this festival offer

1. if the hit the counter is selected
label it 
Firsttext box 50 customer
means for fiest 50 customer
first-label
50 - text box 
customer- text 

it will run a function 
it will count the invoice with the mobile number and customer name
for the selceted product to 50 customers 
which customer are purchasing the specified product the 50 invoice will be counted 
and from that 50 invoice it will randomely pick the invoice for first, second, third prizes 

below this two date fields
start date - date field 
end date -date field

below that 
first prize - text box 
upload image field
second prize -same
third prize - same


2. if this festival offer is selected
enter amount - number field
start date
end date
means if the enter amount is 1000 so will count the all invoice whose amount is => 1000 or whatever the number field amount

prize -label
text box with placeholder enter the prize name
upload - upload the image (image field)




(b) if the regular  offer is selected it sahould have the following offers
1. count the visit of customer
2.purchase amount of customer

if 
1. count the visit of customer
it will count the total visit from invoice db and get the unique mobile numer 
enter the visit count - number field
prize name - text field
upload - image fileld

2.purchase amount of customer
count the amount from mobile number in invoice db who has purchased again and again to reach the specific amount which is belo mentioned
enter amount- label box 
number field 

prize name- text box
upload - image field


so make thew prize and upload field in the src/components/offers/uploadPrize.tsx

no create store action routes and model files for this component as we have made for each component
if any assistance required ask for reference
